d I have more than 60 years since the first expressway
of the city only three more road corridors were created after being
released
the transoeste and transcarioca
the city of Rio de Janeiro begins another major project in the sector of
transport
frank lowy
to a connecting road between them I love and stop tijuca two of the
main nuclei of the 2016 Olympic Games
besides having tracks for cars in general
the Trans-Olympic will have an exclusive corridor for buses
I will not say that I have
the prior transit balance of the port which will be integrated with the
public transport of the municipality and the other new lines of brt
the transoeste
the transcarioca
the Trans-Olympic session 4 tracks per direction three for cars in one
exclusive for brt
As a high standard of operation, the buses will travel 23 kilometers with
main axis plus three kilometers on the avenue duque de caxias
Paulo
powder
victory
along the route will be implemented and pontifical viaducts crossed the country
giving traffic flow
The trail will be granted to the private sector and will have an advanced
operation and monitoring, users will receive medical attention
pre-hospital this as a mechanic all this is run by a motel center
operational control
because I entered the bar of the tijuca and deodoro are people provided
installments of two terminals for the BRT system
more rugged relief ratio
there will be a large extension holders will be approximately four
kilometers of underground tracks have to
one of these tunnels will count with one of the subway stations
with access to the residents by escalators and elevators
besides the topographic question the option for the implantation of the tunnels is of
accordance with the principle of preservation of the environment which guides the whole
path
the trans-Olympic lose part of a great and good jesus booms in
infrastructure
who will like the river of more mobility sometimes in the displacements
urban development, as well as expanding the possibilities of developing
regions where the trans-Olympic road corridor passes is therefore
more than a road project when deployed will be a route of
socioeconomic integration peter burke regional development
which will offer a high level of services to users, making it possible
more comfort and agility
until the prefecture of Rio de Janeiro preparing the city for the games
Olympic Games of 2016 I think the important legacy for the